Objective of the project: As a lab group, we wanted to create a project which would implement the skills of every member 
and create something which would be useful for our research. 

Initially, I (Louise) had wanted to implement machine learning to recognize the major organs of importance from our PET scan images. 
We spend a lot of time manually outlining the organs in 3D on the PET/CT images we gather from the scans. This is an extremely time consuming
process which could be made more efficient by creating an algorithm to outline the organs for us. Unfortunately, I was the only member to 
take the machine learning course so the other members would not be able to benefit as much. Futhermore, this project did not seem achievable
in the time required to complete the final project for this course. That being said, I will continue to pursue this project separately. 

We therefore realized the need for a simple project which could be done properly and still be beneficial to all the members. Data manipulation
and presentation is an essential skill for any scientist. We decided to manipulate data from online databases and present it in different forms 
of graphs as a way to practice data manipulation in our future work. 

The coding process: We sought to create a variety of graphs presenting many different correlations to explain a phenomenon. We still chose
to study a subject related to our lab research (the connection between neuroinflammation and depression). We had wanted to compare age, gender,
race, and country data. 

Unfortunately, there were some graphs we did not succeed at making such as the chloropleth to show the prevalence of obesity around the world. 
We did succeed at showing obesity, depression, mental health, and obesity+mental health rates across the United States. In the end, focusing
on only a few factors made our narrative clearer and our data more understandable. 

There are 3 scripts to produce the graphs. One loads the data from excel and outputs line graphs. Another creates bar graphs, and the final one
contained manually inputed data to produce two comparison bar graphs. One of the major challenges of this project was trying to simplify the
large amount of data into a file that would be simpler for python to read. Despite the challenges and need to reorient our goals, we believe we 
succeeded at creating a comprehensible summary of data which can be used to interpret links between two diseases. 
